Infernus Mod

Infernus Mod is a medium sized content mod to add on and to make your terraria playthrough faster and easier. Infernus Mod has a plethora of quality of life addons and is compatible with
Boss Checklist. Currently in total I have made around 300 additions/changes, but if you want specifices you can look below.

+ If you have any thoughts about the mod please join the discord to share them.

+ Infernus Mod has a wiki, so you don't have to go through it blind.

+ Infernus Mod has a post MoonLord boss.

What Inferus offers:
* 157 New items - including new armor sets, weapons for each class, accessories, new materials.
* 4 New bosses - every boss has it's own AI, loot, treasure bag with unique expert items.
* 1 New miniboss - basically just stronger enemies but drop good items.
* 18 New Enemies - each NPC has it's own use. One NPC also drops new things after a certain boss is defeated.
* 1 New invasions - new invasion with new interesting mobs and loot, Upgrades after plantera is killed.
* 5 Categories - Catergories of Quality of Life changes like cheaper nurse, Plantera summon, Day/Night skip,easier to get items and more.
* New ore - Aeritite generates in the beginning of the game.
* I worked hard on these sprites.
* Infernus Mod adds content after MoonLord.



!All update logs are on Discord!
1.0.0.1 
Added mod homepage.
1.1.0.1
Added hardmode items.
Added pre-hardmode items.
Patched some issues.
1.1.0.2
Patched multiple things
ADDED MOD DISCORD
1.2.0.3
Fixed whip bug
Added content post plantera
Boulder update!
1.2.0.4
Fixed boss bags drops
Ruderibus is slower in expert mode and now turns slower in general.
Raiko no longer sometimes roars 4 times when dashing.
Discord link now is found in steamworkshop page and will be updated every 7 days.
Creative item sacrificing now works for all items.
Sentinel Battery now has corruption crafting.
1.3.0.4
Beach Biome Update
New Flash-Frost Tiger Shark Boss
Fixed some issues
Added a plethora of items
1.3.1.4
patched some bugs
1.3.35.15
added new content
fixed some bugs
bosschecklist
resprites
reworks for weapons
new custom projectiles
1.3.35.19
added meteorite lamp
fixed some weapons doing wrong damage type, now work with set bonuses
did even more script cleaning.
Money SHOULD WORK NOW, reforges and selling now work as told.
Expert treasure bags and just boss loot in general reworked.
1.3.36.23
Minions are good now.